Stereo node fix (#428)
luxonis/depthai-python: docs/source/components/nodes/stereo_depth.rst

        of :code:`focal_length * base_line_dist / 95`.

        #. Computes disparity on the original size images (e.g. 1280x720)
        #. Computes disparity on 2x downscaled images (e.g. 640x360)
        #. Combines the two level disparities on Shave, effectively covering a total disparity range of 191 pixels (in relation to the original resolution).

        You can use :code:`debugExtDispLrCheckIt1` and :code:`debugExtDispLrCheckIt2` debug outputs for debugging/fine-tuning purposes.

      .. tab:: Subpixel Disparity

        **Subpixel mode** improves the precision and is especially useful for long range measurements. It also helps for better estimating surface normals.

        Besides the integer disparity output, the Stereo engine is programmed to dump to memory the cost volume, that is 96 levels (disparities) per pixel,
        then software interpolation is done on Shave, resulting a final disparity with 3 fractional bits, resulting in significantly more granular depth
        steps (8 additional steps between the integer-pixel depth steps), and also theoretically, longer-distance depth viewing - as the maximum depth

>         is no longer limited by a feature being a full integer pixel-step apart, but rather 1/8 of a pixel. In this mode, stereo cameras perform: :code:`95 depth steps * 8 subpixel depth steps + 1(invalid disparity 0) = 761 depth steps`

Reviewer: Technically disparity value 0 (invalid) and 95 (or more general maximumDisparity-1, since now it's configurable, 64 or 96) are not interpolated, which means there are 94*8 + 2 disparity levels, where the max disparity value is 95*8.

Author: ```suggestion
        is no longer limited by a feature being a full integer pixel-step apart, but rather 1/8 of a pixel. In this mode, stereo cameras perform: :code:`94 depth steps * 8 subpixel depth steps + 2 (min/max values) = 754 depth steps`
```

Author: So like this @szabi-luxonis ?

Reviewer: Yes.

Current limitations
###################

If one or more of the additional depth modes (:code:`lrcheck`, :code:`extended`, :code:`subpixel`) are enabled, then:

> - median filtering is disabled on device

Author: afaik, this limitation has been resolved, right @szabi-luxonis ?

Reviewer: yes, it's only disabled for subpixel bits 4 and 5.

Current limitations
###################

> - When using subpixel mode, if both :code:`depth` and :code:`disparity` are used, only :code:`depth` will have valid output.

Reviewer: This is not applicable anymore, both depth and disparity are valid.

Author: ```suggestion
```
